Add derived setting for knn indices (#9432)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _query-dsl/specialized/k-nn.md

`min_score` | Float | Optional | The minimum score threshold for search results. Only one of `k`, `max_distance`, or `min_score` can be specified. For more information, see [Radial search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/vector-search/specialized-operations/radial-search-knn/).
`filter` | Object | Optional | A filter to apply to the k-NN search. For more information, see [Vector search with filters]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/vector-search/filter-search-knn/). **Important**: A filter can only be used with the `faiss` or `lucene` engines.
`method_parameters` | Object | Optional | Additional parameters for fine-tuning the search:<br>- `ef_search` (Integer): The number of vectors to examine (for the `hnsw` method)<br>- `nprobes` (Integer): The number of buckets to examine (for the `ivf` method). For more information, see [Specifying method parameters in the query](#specifying-method-parameters-in-the-query).

> `rescore` | Object or Boolean | Optional | Parameters for configuring rescoring functionality:<br>- `oversample_factor` (Float): Controls the oversampling of candidate vectors before ranking. Valid values are in the `[1.0, 100.0]` range. Default is `false` for fields with `mode=in_memory`(no rescoring) and enabled (with dynamic values) when `mode=on_disk`. See [on disk default table](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/field-types/supported-field-types/knn-memory-optimized/#rescoring-quantized-results-to-full-precision) for more information. To use the default `oversample_factor` of `1.0`, set `rescore` to `true`. For more information, see [Rescoring results](#rescoring-results).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rescore` | Object or Boolean | Optional | Parameters for configuring rescoring functionality:<br>- `oversample_factor` (Float): Controls how many candidate vectors are retrieved before rescoring. Valid values are in the `[1.0, 100.0]` range. Default is `false` for fields with `in_memory` mode (no rescoring) and enabled (with dynamic values) for fields with `on_disk` mode. In `on_disk` mode, the default `oversample_factor` is determined by the `compression_level`. For more information, see the [compression level table]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/knn-memory-optimized/#rescoring-quantized-results-to-full-precision). To explicitly enable rescoring with the default `oversample_factor` of `1.0`, set `rescore` to `true`. For more information, see [Rescoring results](#rescoring-results).
```

> `rescore` | Object or Boolean | Optional | Parameters for configuring rescoring functionality:<br>- `oversample_factor` (Float): Controls how many candidate vectors are retrieved before rescoring. Valid values are in the `[1.0, 100.0]` range. Default is `false` for fields with `in_memory` mode (no rescoring) and enabled (with dynamic values) for fields with `on_disk` mode. In `on_disk` mode, the default `oversample_factor` is determined by the `compression_level`. For more information, see the [compression level table]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/knn-memory-optimized/#rescoring-quantized-results-to-full-precision). To explicitly enable rescoring with the default `oversample_factor` of `1.0`, set `rescore` to `true`. For more information, see [Rescoring results](#rescoring-results).

Reviewer 2: Should the instance of "enabled" before "(with dynamic values)" be in code font?
